~gwen,ezili,femdom,destroy,moch,mochinator,themochinator
if I may offer input, ezili seems restrained rather than an actual bottom, if you get her to open up then she will absolutely destroy you
gwen strikes me as the type to act tough on the field but enjoy cuddles and rainbows and stuff
~espanol,español,dominacionfemenina,dominaciónfemenina
si puedo aportar, ezili parece retraida mas que un fondo, si logras que se abra, ella te destruira
gwen me parece que es el tipo que intenta actuar duro pero en el fondo adora los cariños y arcoiris y esas cosas
~exe,exephur,exephur2000,colton,coltont,greengoblin,greengoblin55,greengobbler,greengobbler55,psa,snipe,sniping,record,recording,transparency,btfo,offline,respect,communityrespect
imagine how easy it would be to btfo everyone calling you out with a video showing that you beat people legit, such an easy way to be like "hey, you sniped me, even when I just had a superior legit strat?, damn bro...", and yet somehow absolutely no one fucking does this

psa tip for anyone in the community who is a top 50 grinder and got or almost got top 3, just record your shit, it's that easy. instant community respect and transparency, at 0 expense of your own
~tier,tierlist,mk,a-,dartling,mid,midpath,midpathdartlinggorgon,gorgonstorm,rocketstorm,rstorm,rorm,exe,exephur,exephur2000,colton,coltont,greengoblin,greengoblin55,greengobbler,greengobbler55
- Mid path Dartling A-
 - Gorgon Storm is such a cool MK man. Like it stuns so much and it has so much range and its uptime is actually pretty high. Like 30% or something like that. It can also stun DDTs so that means that stuff like Sabotage Supply Lines actually is kinda outclassed by Rocket Storm ability. Every single Odyssey these days (which I play on Hard mode now, I previously couldn't beat Hard mode without using all my Monkey Money on powers and instas) I just build my early game defense, which is always my favorite 4-2-0 Sniper since it pops leads and camo bloons (which means I'm set against the super difficult round 59 where some of the bloons are both camos and leads), and then start building tons of 2-4-0 Dartling Gunners. Honestly I'm super happy that Ninja Kiwi added this Monkey Knowledge, even though I had to buy a couple packs of Monkey Knowledge and Monkey Money to reach Gorgon Storm. I hope they add something even cooler like COBRA from my second favorite game Bloons Tower Defense Battles, or even like C4 Charlie from my third favorite game Bloons Adventure Time Tower Defense. Anyways this is exephur2000 a.k.a. Colton T. a.k.a. greengoblin55 signing out, see you guys in my next post.
~lombre,wof,walloffire,13,geared,rng
13. wall of fire change: holy shit. the epitome of ninja kiwi foolishness. this HUGE FUCKING NERF FROM NOWHERE SERIOUSLY WHAT THE HELL. this makes me mad because in 24.2 i couldnt get all the wlp combos for 2tc cuz rng was borked (still is) AND NOW RNG DOESNT EVEN EXIST IN REAL GAMES? SERIOUSLY THIS CHANGE IS SO FUCKING STUPID. now wof doesnt work on ANY multipath map such as muddy geared infernal or what have you seriously who the fuck asked for this nonsense the ONLY place where this change is SLIGHTLY good is on geared... or you could just place wof well. NO ONE ASKED FOR THIS NONSENSE
~
You are the type of player that spends 26 hours a day playing a dumb video game. Go touch grass. Seriously stop bragging about this dumb video game. I have looked at your profile and you always brag about having 1000000000 hours. Shut up let people enjoy the game and have fun. I don't wann hear your dumb tips on how to play the game I wanna use my own startegies. You can't control me. You can't force me to use your bs. And now you are just being an elitist again. 5 seconds ago u said "Oh guys I have 1000000000000 hours and all BBs xd you guys are noobs" that's toxic elitism. You are basically saying that those who don't have all BBs are trash at the game and that's not pog. And now u said "the sad part is that none of what I said even denotes that much skill" that is just on a whole different level. It is sad that people like you still exist in the video gaming community. If everyone stopped bragging about how good they are the world would be a much better place.
~ub,idiot,cheat,cheater,macro,macros,dude
dude stop being a fucking idiot, ik ur pride be being hurt rn bc u use macros and u dont want to be known as a cheater but 1st idc 2nd u not gunna be called a cheater so actually pls stop insulting to insult and yeah
~lombre,1000,1000hours,shredder,plorder
i just need to fucking say it. If i put over 1000 hours into something and then replicate every almost every hard thing ever done with it and then go on to do shit thats much much harder it is not egotistical to view myself as the best at it. nor is it egotistical for me to say that there is a chance that something that took me 15 hours using something that i have over 1000 hours of practice in may be the hardest thing ever done in the game. note i have almost never called plorder the hardest thing in the game i usually say "arguably" or "probably" and whenever i have been in an actual civil discussion most of the time people agree that plorder is in fact probably the hardest thing ever done in the game. not to mention that there is no reason for you to argue when i call something harder than something else when the person that did that something else agrees with me.
~race,races,racer,racers,colt,slowdown
**Regarding the slowdown drama:**

If you don’t know what happened, on race 146 (Bloons to the corn) I had uploaded a race guide to my YouTube channel , after other peoples suspects and me admitting, I had used slowdown to get a decent time at that point (1:10.41) so I could upload a video to the race. with all honesty, I have no idea why I did it, could be because I needed it to compete with other racers, since at this point many already use slowdown to get a top 3 score, on the other hand, I didn't even need it, 2 hours later I streamed in this server and got a 1:10.01 while people were watching, which showed I did not need it, 1 day later, I got a 1:09.26 without slowdown. After all it was a very dumb decision to use slowdown and break everyone's trust in a server moderator just  to get a video out, it will (definitely) never happen again, and I am very sorry for what I did, I don't expect you to forgive me, but I just want you to know that I am aware of what I did, and that it was wrong, Colt.
~muddy,muddypuddles,muddypuddleschimps,muddychimps,pcharge,permacharge,chinook,supportchinook,
MUDDY PUDDLES CHIMPS WITH PERMACHANGE AND CHINOOK PERMACHGIANGE AND CHINFOSPK PRJABMNAGHE AND CHOISNOLFOK
~choc,chocbox,rofhater,electroexpo
**Chocbox**

Chocbox is a patented plastic box for safely enclosing electrical connections made with screw connector strips. It was invented by entrepreneur Peter Moule, who appeared on the BBC television programme *Dragons' Den* in 2007. He secured a deal with two "dragons", Duncan Bannatyne and James Caan, for £150,000 funding and soon made a deal for sales worth £25 million. Bannatyne describes Chocbox as one of his best investments from the show.
~bank,monkeybank,battles,btdb,btdbattles,egulio
The monkey bank in general sucks as if you want to go for a passive style it is simply more effective to rush straight for a bia. As while it is mathematically better to get a bank with 1 plantation on the side and then get a r17 bia without banking out it directly gives the advantage to the enemy for multiple reasons. First You will have only a small amount of budget to afford defense and still be able to pull it off and at the same time you absolutely cannot rush the enemy allowing them to even sell defenses and get better farms then you while still being able to rush. Exemples would be equalizing with a r16 bia while forcing defense r16 which is an important round for ai layering. Or selling defense to get a r15 bia and overshadow your r14 bank.

Outside of this specific scenario which has a use in 1 single scenario (DFA vs NFE) bank sucks, getting a bank without the gimmik of upgrading to a bia without banking out is straight up just losing 1k$ even if you gain 30 eco it's not worth as getting a bia would give 80 eco in 1 round and once again overshadow your effort. You can argue that bank is useful in moab drain games where both players are stuck with low eco and low farms r20+ but those situations don't happen in competitive anymore.
~bad,badmod,mod,arbel,arbeldamonkey,sec,seclate
I suppose I will have to tell to the server owners about your absurd behavior and abuse of your powers and abilities, furthermore, I don't think you are a good mod if you treat people of the server harshly and taking roles of players of the server, I don't think you deserve to be a moderator after this action, this wasn't intended to be a good deed and I don't understand why you would do that.
~fenix,fenixkillah,ce,cheatengine,race,races,racer,racers
you can send rounds faster with 1 more alc selling
also 1st and 2nd place use the same strat... they work together
and both of them use cheatengine
that is a 3rd party application that can slow your game 5 times more then you see in this video...

they can not beat me so they coop and cheat hahaha.. noobs gonna noob
i feel honored they go true such trouble just to beat me
~tsp,support
If I may disturb you good sir I couldn't help but notice you are having trouble finding the time the race rewards are distributed. While this prestigious discord does have access to this information, unfortunately as you did not defeat <@!217726724752932864> in battle we cannot freely impart this knowledge to you. As a result you have been confined to this humble, yet cozy corner of the server to spend the rest of your days.
If you have any qualms with the result of this decision you may take it up with our wonderful staff at support@ninjakiwi.com.
We have an incredible track record of always solving each and every issue that is brought to us and we hope to hear from you shortly.

Through the tedious and accurate mathematical testing of our support staff we have come to the conclusion that buying each and every one of those road spikes cost too much for any one person to have attained legitimately. Since this is the case we won't be answering any more queries. Have a nice day.
~reward,racereward,rewards,racerewards,channel,faq
Does anyone know when the race rewards come out? I checked but this server doesn't seem to have a channel that has this information.

Guys, I think we're being ignored.
I feel like the people in this server don't want us to know when the race rewards come out given that there isn't even a channel dedicated to answering such simple questions.
~choc,chocbox,petrosian,anarchychess,randy,randyz524,corn,corngrats,corngratulations,brick,pipi,pampers
Are you kidding ??? What the ** are you talking about man ? You are a biggest looser i ever seen in my life ! You was doing PIPI in your pampers when i was beating racers much more stronger then you! You are not proffesional, because proffesionals knew how to lose and corngratulate opponents, you are like a girl crying after i beat you! Be brave, be honest to yourself and stop this trush talkings!!! Everybody know that i am very good racer, i can outmicro anyone in the world in single free attempt! And "c"hoc "b"ox is nobody for me, just a player who are crying every single time when loosing, ( remember what you say about FenixKillah ) !!! Stop playing with my name, i deserve to have a good name during whole my race carrier, I am Officially inviting you to mini race match with the Prize fund! Both of us will invest 5000MM and winner takes it all!

I suggest all other people who's intrested in this situation, just take a look at my results in BADv2 and Corngratulations, and that should be enough... No need to listen for every crying babe, RandyZ524 is always play Fair ! And if someone will continue Officially talk about me like that, we will meet in Court! God bless with true! True will never die ! Liers will kicked off...
~race,races,racer,racers,alt,alts,solipsism
The only racer I know to exist as an independent entity is myself. The subjectivity of all sensory basis of reality necessarily implies that no profile on the leaderboard can be guaranteed not to be one of my alts.
~gamer,gaming
Gaming is not about "fun". As a gamer I’ll have you know that a game is 100x more “fun” if you actually KNOW HOW TO PLAY IT. I can’t breathe a WORD of advice on how to be a good player on this sub without getting a bunch of kids going absolutely insane over it. If the person I’m talking to wants to stay trash forever, however they can ignore my advice. It’s fine with me.
~baum,baumfall,minority
looks like im a minority with my opinion, go worship me
~ban,index,indexserver,controversy,controversial,pmfc,plasmamonkey,plasmamonkeyfanclub,paa,p&a,popandawe,pop&awe
You are going to ban me because my opinions were to controversial. But you wouldn't ban the index guys for having controversial opinions despite the fact they legit raided this server with there awful Plasma Monkey Fan club and Pop and Awe accounts. They are fine. You wouldn't ban Randy or Exephur for there controversial tier list would you? No because if you did there would be a massive uproar from the community. But little me, you can ban me right? Only the big people in the community are allowed opinions. Let's not mention the Galgate hate I have received for an opinion while none of them got any punishment at all as far as I know (correct me if I am wrong) punish those who were hateful to me and I will understand but don't punish me in a clearly biased attempt to target me specifically for something I have down they everyone else does but gets no punishment because they are well known. Double standards. Sorry if his sounds rude but I must get my point across.
~apache,apachedartship,dartship,heli,helipilot,dps,apacheprime,prime
NO. Apache Dartship is not terrible. The Apache Dartship is the top path tier 4 $21k upgrade for the Heli Pilot from BTD6. While it may seem expensive, it really isn’t. It’s main purpose isn’t to be actual DPS, it’s to save for Apache Prime. The Apache Prime, though, is insane, making CHIMPS easy even on some harder maps. Even though the Apache Dartship’s tier 3 and below upgrades are pretty underwhelming, they’re cheap, have lead popping power, and can have camo. So that’s a cheap camo lead tier 3 tower that you can control. Also, the Apache Dartship has a good tier 5, but the tier 4 is also really good. It can defend the somewhat challenging midgame rounds, easily destroying 63 without having to get any extra support, and it has good MOAB damage. So, it’ll destroy both the children and the mother, which is a great thing. The 80’s and above are terrible for it, though. But you’ll most likely have the Apache Prime.

TL;DR: The Apache Dartship is a perfect tower and nothing can beat it.
~ezili,qwerty,qwertyxp2000,placement,chimps
Placement such that she can reach the lower-left curve's "bottom", the lower-left curve's "top" and the mere edge of the middle section of the lane makes her able to beat Round 6. Set on Last to leave just one Red after the Greens. Quickly shift to First once the Red approaches within range and attack is on cooldown. Did not yet test for later rounds, but she can solo Round 6 on said map. (Qwertyxp2000, ZMVTRXH; accidentally forgot CHIMPS stats, but fortunately only forgot the C-M-P-S missing elements, so she starts at Level 1 regardless because MK is disabled, and selling would be useless, lol, and continues and powers are not usable on CE anyway)
~bma,bloonmasteralch,bloonmasteralchemist,oneshot,one-shot,zomg,zomgs
Um actually, bma is amazing. Even ignoring his cash generation for a second because of game modes like deflation and chimps, he's still insanely powerful, effective, and efficient. His ability to one-shot multiple zomgs (i repeat, zomgs!!!) at a time is such an invaluable asset to any strat he's in, including once you get into r81+ where the blimps have more health and drop stronger ceramics. He can effectively solo late game rounds like 94, 96, and even the dreaded 98 you constantly die to. And in terms of how cost effective he is, you're essentially buying infinite dps for roughly 40k, meaning his cost efficiency is just as infinite! Then when we actually bring income into the equation, he gets even better as he actually makes you money (not loses it like everyone likes to claim). With him being the last purchase you make with an insane return on value, his money loss doesn't matter. You. Are. Wrong. End of.
~sentry,sentryparagon,paragon,sentrychampion,champion,tier6,tiersix
I hate ninja kiwi I just can't use top path tier 5 engineer anymore "Sentry Champion" SENTRY CHAMPION NO FUCK YOU! IT IS SENTRY PARAGON I AM NOT SUPPORTING THIS BULL SHIT BECAUSE THEY TRACK HOW MANY PEOPLE USE TOWERS AND I AM NOT SUPPORTING THE USE RATE OF THIS SO CALLED "SENTRY CHAMPION" KYS YES SENTRY PARAGON GOT ROBBED THE REASON THEY CHANGED IT IS TO PREVENT CONFUSION BETWEEN SENTRY PARAGONS AND THE TOWER PARAGONS BUT BITCH! SENTRY PARAGON CAME BEFORE ALL THE OTHER PARAGONS THAT IS THE ORIGINAL SO YOU CHANGE THE OTHER PARAGONS NAMES NOT THE ORIGNINAL FUCKING BITCHES JUST CALL THE TOWER PARAGONS TIER 6 TOWERS OR 5-5-5 TOWERS OR COME UP WITH ANOTHER NAME OTHER THAN PARAGON YOU FUCKING BASTARDS. I HAVE A BETTER IDEA, HOW ABOUT RENAME THE TOWER PARAGONS TO CHAMPION AND KEEP THE SENTRY PARAGON WITH ITS ORIGINAL NAME FUCKING ASSHOLE CUCK BITCHES I HATE NINJA KIWI
~rof,ringoffire,isab
See this is the kinda stuff I’m talking about. People in this community always follow the train of what everyone else is on without any thoughts of their own. It’s honestly impressive how lazy some people are, they just don’t care enough to test out what their argument is. So next time you want to mindlessly hate on Ring of Fire like the rest of the herd, maybe stop and legitimately test it out before coming up with your incomplete conclusion. And clearly Ring of Fire’s movement has some backup, with top tier Bloons players like ISAB even advocating for and using it in his latest video.
~lombre,children,moch,mochinator,themochinator,nate,tremen,sheet,suck,moderator,allofyousuck,resume,youhatechildren,stobbourn,stobbournass
@еxephur You cant just say people suck without giving them a chance

the system in place clearly isnt working even your stobbourn ass should be able to admit that having submissions from september 2nd and having missed info from august 17th is a problem

Look man you cant say that there would be only 2 people with moderation power and that would be an issue when currently only 1 person does jack shit. Moch, nate, and tremen all do nothing for this server. Some of my favorite people in the community but they do not moderate this server at all

The people you are declining are the people that want to help you
-1 can be annoying at times but they are consistent with updating the sheets that they own

"All of you suck" all you are doing is describing yourself

your complete inability to do what little it takes to help this community that you helped create

I get that you might not care about index anymore but that doesnt mean that we dont either. You really expect to get college kids sending you their resume to apply for moderator on a fucking btd6 server? Completely unrealistic.
What you will get is a bunch of 13-17 Year olds with a passion for this game willing to spend some time to help out the community.

You hate children so much so stop acting like one
~exe,exephur,exephur2000,colton,coltont,greengoblin,greengoblin55,greengobbler,greengobbler55,libby,montana,libbymontana,logcabin,storm,siege
Here's a guide to go to exephur's log cabin:
Step 1: fly to **Missoula Montana Airport** ```(IATA: MSO, ICAO: KMSO, FAA LID: MSO)```
There are direct flights using Alaska Airlines from the following cities. Use code "executive phurry" for 1% additional fee:
• San Diego
• San Francisco
• San Jose
• San Diego
• Los Angeles
• Seattle
• Portland
if you live in north america, there is a high chance that you may be able to get a direct flight to Missoula. If not, go to **Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport** and get a transfer flight to Missoula Montana Airport

Step 2: Get a car from a car rental. It doesnt matter what car. There are many options available at Missoula Montana Aiport, which can cost from $30-$160 a day

Step 3: There are many routes you can take from Missoula to Libby all the way north in Lincoln county
here are a few ways:

🇦 Take MT-200 W to MT-56 N in Sanders County (turn right)
then turn right onto US-2 E
🇧 Follow I-90 W to MT-135 W in Mineral County. Take exit 33 from I-90 W
Turn right onto MT-135 W
Turn left onto MT-200 W
Turn right onto MT-56 N
Turn right onto US-2 E
🇨 Take US-93 N
Turn right into Montana Highway 35 W/S, then turn left onto MT-82 W, then turn right onto US-93 N then turn left into US-93 (if u want to see the other side of the lake continue along 93)
Take exit 5 for Three Mile Drive
Continue on state highway 424 to US-93N
follow US-93 N and MT-37 S to Libby

now that you have reached Libby, call Randy and ask him where exactly the log cabin is. If he does not divulge simply scream "BTD6 Index" or "lombre" or something like that all across libby. It only has 2775 people as of the 2020 census is maybe bring a loudspeaker. This shouldn't take longer than a day.
Exephur should come out of his cabin and you can storm it
~fan,fanart,author,authors,garbage,hotgarbage
one thing is a fan-art that takes days to create and another thing is a challenge everyone can create with 3 minutes. also, its not like they are saying they made them. u can just search on the browser and find the author. also they dont get any benefit on crediting or not crediting authors so this post is hot garbage
~battles2,btdbattles2,btdb2,skin,skins,heroskin,heroskins,altskin,altskins
Cyber Quincy: while plasma arrows are better than explosive, giving up attack speed in favor of pierce leaves you too open to midgame moab pressure, which was a massive strength of the original quincy. Cyber isnt ever relevantly better than stock quincy but gives up a huge chunk of his midgame. overall worse

Scientist Gwen: Scientist Gwen's higher pitched voice and more jumpy and excitable nature reveals a more genuine personality than the often superficial and self-centered attitude of stock gwen. if you got into bed with scientist gwen she would be more likely to release her genuine affections for you, leading to a healthy and adorable relationship that stock gwen is simply too old and detached for. overall depends on your tastes.

Ocean Obyn: While a lot of obyn's attacks work weirdly, regenerative brambles are overall fairly useless for the price in pierce they cost and ocean obyn's totem is unquestionably worse than stock's. There isnt really a strat that needs ocean obyn's magic buff currently, and as such ocean obyn is worse than stock because so much of obyn's power is concentrated in his totem. overall worse.

Biker Bones: Bones' shell is unquestionably worse; giving up the large uptime stun of jones' shell in exchange for slightly more damage on an extremely long cooldown makes bones shell far less useful in both early and midgame. Bones gets a double damage boost swapped in for jones' ability refresh. this helps give him an extra burst of dps midgame to make up for his inferior shell. In the 20s it's actually preferable to have jones lv10 instead of bones' because assassins will be your main ddt popping and jones effectively doubles the amount of ddts you can handle while bones does not help unless your bombs can pop ddts themselves. past round 30, though, bones' bomb boost is better because assassins will no longer target DDTs and his ability becomes a direct upgrade to jones'. overall a sidegrade.
~ethan,ethanreid,recursive,recursivecluster,crosspath,sgm,shyguymask,hbomb
Ethan Reid's video on Recursive Cluster crosspath comparison is completely horrible. How do you completely ignore the two already existing videos on the subject (Me and Hbomb's), make unfair one-sided sandbox tests that don't apply in a real game (30 hyperclumped pre-freeplay ZOMGs? Really!?) then call my take a "misconception"? Not to mention blatantly lying through his teeth about Hbomb's math. Hell, he didn't even talk about single target MOAB DPS which is the biggest and most important difference. What motivates someone to make such a badly researched video when he usually makes good informative content? Why would you want to mislead your audience like this?
~glue,gluegunner,moabglue,solver,bloonsolver
The Glue Gunner does damage over time but you need to upgrade it twice on the top path for that. That's really stupid because it's so expensive for such little damage but it gets even worse. You can only use 2 of the 3 paths and you need the top path for a little bit damage. While the Bloon Solver (5th upgrade top path) is one of the best towers because it deals massive damage with a lot of pierce, it looks really bad for other upgrades:

The Moab Glue should have bonus damage to Moab Class Bloons (like the Moab, Bfb, Zomg, Ddt or Bad) but you of course need the 203 crosspathing for any damage. That's really expensive and I even think NK messed up programming because I never noticed extra damage compared to 200 alone. And 023 Moab Glue is a fucking joke, why would i want to hit multiple Moabs if it does 0 damage???? Seriously, wtf?!?!

I can rant a lot more about the awful balancing of the Glue Gunner but adressing the Moab Glue was my biggest concern because sadly a lot of newer and uninformed players get misled by "pro players" calling the Moab Glue really good. But don't let them fool you, it does NOT do extra damage to Moabs.

So my suggestion is: Not buff, but bugfix the Moab Glue to give it the (from the upgrade name) promised bonus damage to Moabs and later rework the whole tower. Having such awful balancing really hurts the game.
~battles2,btdbattles2,btdb2,smurf,smurfing,forfeit,forfeiting,unsportsman,unsportsmanlike,unpopularopinion
**Unpopular Opinion: It’s not okay to smurf and boost just because it’s easy/rewarding to smurf and boost.**

Boosting is possible in every game, and it’s frowned upon in every game. I’m not sure what’s happening here that all of a sudden everyone is so desperate to rationalize forfeiting and smurfing, just because it’s easy. NKs game has bad balance decisions by accident that result in players needing to wait a few extra days for a patch: off with their fucking heads. Players forfeit games to smurf to the lowest rank and stomp new players with bad towers who don’t stand a chance, choose to ruin a ton of peoples experience with the game, just to get towers unlocked a little bit early: totally fine, because it rewards them.

I understand that as long as it’s possible and rewarding, there are going to be people doing it. I understand that the responsibility is ultimately on the developer, I’m not arguing that. My argument is just that the people who are doing this are unsportsmanlike dicks, and that bullshit should be discouraged. Everyone seems to welcome what is a universally despised act in gaming with open arms in this community.
~skucha,center,centerpath,centered,centeredpath,cp
if your little centered path ass can ever manage to just a singular 1% of the amount of shit ive accomplished in this fucking monkey game then i would be glad to see it but while you sit on your sorry ass full of at most 15 slightly impressive things trying to compare yourself to the titan of the index ill be here playing a game that is actually fun and doing things that i actually enjoy
~battles2,btdbattles2,btdb2,meta,yellowstadium
This game's meta is so stale already. Every single game I've played I see at least one of the following towers:

Dart Monkey Boomerang Monkey Bomb Shooter Tack Shooter Ice Monkey

Sniper Monkey Monkey Sub Monkey Buccaneer Monkey Ace Heli Pilot Mortar Monkey Dartling Gunner

Wizard Monkey Super Monkey Ninja Monkey Alchemist Druid

Banana Farm Spike Factory Monkey Village Engineer Monkey

If you've ever used any of these towers then you're basically cheating. Go back to yellow stadium and grind back to the top, without abusing the meta.
~isab,skucha,grass,touchgrass,challenge,challenges,jealous,condescending,center,centerpath,centered,centeredpath,cp
Isab is giving off a jealous condescending tone when this would be his exact type of stream and YouTube content if he had the confidence and skills to do it. Its ironic he would say touch grass when he is the pinnacle of tedious challenges, I'd rather bash my head against a desk then some of the boring challenges he does lmao. Lol isab just being isab, thats just his way of saying damn you're good.(:
~etienne,etini,uav,ucav,unarmedcombataerialvehicle,prime,apacheprime
have you ever heard of the mythical breed of hero known as an etienne? not much is known about this rare breed of monkey, but legend has it that when given access to an Unarmed Combat Aerial Vehicle (commonly known as a UCAV), he can eliminate almost all threats in the middle of the game. legend has it that on one highly rare occasions where an etienne has been caught, he was paired with the apache dartship. when the dartship began struggling on the brutal flying behemoths of the 75th round, the etienne used his UCAV and absolutely annihilated the bloons until enough money was raised that an apache prime could be constructed. a legendary power that had only been glimpsed at on the 64th round had shown its true, magnificent form. however, this power did not stop. the etienne continued its destruction later in the game. as the prime struggled on the dark dirigible titans of the 95th and 99th round, the etienne made his UCAV go insane, and it did massive damage to the bloons that prime was slowly loosing ground to. the etienne did not stop there. even on the 98th round, which strikes fear in the heart of all monkeykind, etienne stood bravely. his UCAV did large amounts of damage to the ceramic bloons that prime cannot perfectly handle. when the etienne made his UCAV go insane again, a large portion of the round was deleted. the apache prime was easily victorious over the army of bloons thanks to the etienne. others have tried to replicate this behavior with other heros, such as quincy and obyn, but none have achieved the level of destruction that the etienne has been rumored to have caused.
~lombre,jninja,server,college,collegeapp,collegeapps,collegeapplication,collegeapplications,child
Messages sent purely to instigate negativity have no place in that server or really any server. You keep talking about how you dont have time to do anything because of college apps but then also have this useless account saying meaningless stuff about a game you dont even play anymore. I recommend you either find a different excuse about why you dont want to do things or just delete this account. If you truly do want to be part of the btd6 community then just join the server on your main, that would make you seem less like a jninja type sad child sending nonsense to get a reaction.
~bs,argument,arguments,evildiscussiontrick,coltapology,baum,baumfall,colt,realarguments,changethetopic,mobileplayer,mobileplayers,ce,cheatengine,randyandchoc
randy and choc know exactely what they are saying and that they are talking bs but they lack real arguments so they change the topic and talk about differernt stuff to make them look right

thats an evil discussion trick if you got no arguments and is really weak

the cheating happened, yes, some people cared, some didnt, the point is that colt apologized and now its everyones decision to forgive him or not. this is not an objective case because everyone has a different view in the apology and the whole case
~chocandrandy,baum,baumfall,serverstuff,otherserverstuff
choc and randy hate me because im a better races so they ban me for other server stuff
~readysetno,rsn,mintime,minimumtime,minimumpossibletime
Can you address the situation of last race "Ready Set No", in which

- an obvious farm start allowed for minimum possible time,
- the ordering on the in-game leaderboard constantly shuffled despite claims it would be "first come first serve",
- this fact contributed to many players originally in the top 50 receiving the top 1% medal instead by the end,
- fake times were inserted to prevent anyone from receiving top 3 medals,
- the player in second place still received a second place medal because race rewards were given instantly contrary to NK belief,
- your support claimed that all minimum times were obtained by cheating, despite dozens of videos recording minimum time legitimately,
- your support used this false belief to refuse to properly award players unfairly shuffled out of top 50 with their rightful medal,
- your discord mod team doubled down on this false belief despite being directly linked videos obviously done without cheating,
- RandyZ524 made 49 alts with cheat engine speedup to prevent people from getting t50 thanks to his overwhelming skill,

instead of pretending the race never happened by not listing placements in the blog?
~sub,subreddit,r/btd6,sauda,besthero
i cannot believe tehre is someone, even on r/btd6, who STILL thinks sauda is the best hero. i wrote that guy an essay and he is in the process of being an idiot, oh no, not 5 minutes of my life that have been wasted while trying to change your ignorant misinformed weak mind of a 5 year old! time to go off at me for calling you an idiot after you rejected my excellent point of "sauda is not the best hero" and victimise yourself after definitely not even considering just agreeing with a clearly more experienced person than you or saying you dont wanna talk!
~raceranking,racerankings,0,druid,vinedruid,crimey,winterbreak,shitupdate,saygoodbye,druidofthejungle,dotj
0, and i don't even want to talk about the druid or how generic the strat is, but as i predicted (and crimey told me about previous years), just don't ever count on nk to do anything right with races during a winter break, they just wanted to get done with it 3 weeks early so ofc they aren't gonna try to make it good or take the lb seriously, and ofc it gets worse each week and with a shit update too
~disclaimer,cheatengine,ce,fenix,fenixkillah,editingsoftware
!! disclaimer !!
In order to make the video more watchable i had to speed it up or slow it down a little inside my editing software
~exephur,charity,fenix,fenixkillah,poppingballoons,saint,top50mobilefriendlyspeedstrat,nopants,apology,officialapology,apologymassage,apologymassages,officialapologymassage,officialapologymassages,massage,massages
@еxephur  So, what are you expecting him to do? To write an official apology massages to Ninja Kiwi? Donate 1000$ to Charity to pay for his sins? To completely remove his Youtube channel and create a new one with different name?

At least most other videos are legitimate, it is helpful to a lot of people, you can achieve a great time record if you follow everything near perfectly.

Don't expect anyone on internet to be a saint, especially in a game about popping balloons with a monkey.
~radioactive,coop,daily,dailycoop,nkode,nkcode,spaghetti,spaghetticode
ArgumentException: Requested value 'RADIOACTIVE' was not found.
System.Enum+EnumResult.SetFailure (System.Enum+ParseFailureKind failure, System.String failureMessageID, System.Object failureMessageFormatArgument)
System.Enum.TryParseEnum (System.Type enumType, System.String value, System.Boolean ignoreCase, System.Enum+EnumResult& parseResult)
System.Enum.Parse (System.Type enumType, System.String value, System.Boolean ignoreCase)
Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonSerializerInternalReader.EnsureType (Newtonsoft.Json.JsonReader reader, System.Object value, System.Globalization.CultureInfo culture, Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonContract contract, System.Type targetType)
Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonSerializerInternalReader.SetPropertyValue (Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonProperty property, Newtonsoft.Json.JsonConverter propertyConverter, Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonContainerContract containerContract, Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonProperty containerProperty, Newtonsoft.Json.JsonReader reader, System.Object target)
Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonSerializerInternalReader.PopulateObject (System.Object newObject, Newtonsoft.Json.JsonReader reader, Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonObjectContract contract, Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonProperty member, System.String id)
Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonSerializerInternalReader.CreateObject (Newtonsoft.Json.JsonReader reader, System.Type objectType, Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonContract contract, Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonProperty member, Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonContainerContract containerContract, Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonProperty containerMember, System.Object existingValue)
Newtonsoft.Json.Serialization.JsonSerializerInternalReader.Deserialize (Newtonsoft.Json.JsonReader reader, System.Type objectType, System.Boolean checkAdditionalContent)
Newtonsoft.Json.JsonSerializer.DeserializeInternal (Newtonsoft.Json.JsonReader reader, System.Type objectType)
~spop,spoperations,specialpoperations,midheli,midpathheli,tierlist,chimpstierlist,indextierlist,indexchimpstierlist,sauda,psi
I am sorry, but why is special poperations in the SS tier of the index comprehensive CHIMPS tier list? It is not a meta tower, it is not even good. It was never used in any of my black borders therefore it is an objectively bad tower. Apache prime is better than the special poperations tower because I used it more while black bordering all maps in the game. Furthermore, Sauda should be in a higher tier because she SHREDS early game and is amazing late game. I used Sauda more than Psi in all my black borders therefore Sauda is objectively better than Psi. This tierlist sucks and all the so called experts that made the list are all bad at the game because they thing Special Poperations is better than Apache Prime.
~choc,chocbox,rofhater,furry,animaljam,backpack,backpacks,locker,lockers
**Part 1**

Chocbox was running through the clover forest, away from Patrick the koala. As he walked through, he noticed many clovers, and he picked them up. After a while of collecting, he stumbled upon a golden treasure chest. He opened it, to reveal a rare blue backpack.

-

The bacpack spoke, "Give me your solids, you flexxer!" Suddenly, the backpack grew spikes from its cloth, looking quite similar to the crazy Jammers of Aldan. Chocbox was terrified, he hurried and clicked onto his inventory. But, they was all gone. All 14 of his solids were gone. Choc gasped in horror.

"I'm un-rare..." He looked at the backpack and realized that it grew 14 more spikes onto its body. "Oh, Mira! It looks like the Shopking!" Choc stumbled backwards, and turned his heel to run.

But it was too late.

The backpack had ate him.
~egulio,raceranking,racerankings,badranking,badrankings,rng,crybaby,crybabies,generic,genericrace,genericraces,badmood,getalife
I see so many bad rankings for races it makes me sick... you're basically giving it a low ranking because of the nature of the races that are rng and that's mostly the fault of BTD6. Tarn or nk can't do anything about it every race is technically gonna suck and is going to require main mechanic op or whatever unless they want to make something even more rng.

To me the rankings should be based on how good the race is based on other races. If you don't enjoy races and always rank them 0, 1, 2 just fucking quit already wtf are you doing! I know some races are genuiently horrible like rsn or tappity tap tap and they deserve low ranks. But most races will be ... yes **AVERAGE** meaning that the average ranking for races should be 5. The race ranks are simply not accurate because people always rage on a race being a fucking race. **THERE'S NEVER GOING TO BE A PERFECT RACE!!!** stop ranking them when you have a bad mood and look at how good the race is for what races are instead.

Also please make your mind up... You people just keep saying a race is too generic or **OH NO!** *this race is complicated... time for me to rage at it because I'm too much of a noob to appreciate it.* Decide what you like already generic races or something out of your comfort zone. Crybabies I swear.

"I need to get a life"
- egulio
~letssay,hypothetically,letssayhypothetically,shapiro,benshapiro,rof,ringoffire,od,overdrive,aminotcorrect,established,nowthatwehaveestablished,aminotcorrect
Lets say, hypothetically, overdrive was better than ring of fire. Let's say overdrive did 100 dps. For the sake of argument, let's say you alch buff the overdrive and it does 400 single target dps. You think it ill solo round 63? In fact, top players like RandyZ524 can micro the rof to do over 1000 dps.

Now that we have established that you can either get an alch buffed overdrive or a microable rof which does easily over double the dps, I believe you'd agree with me when I say that you would do better if you used the rof. Am I not correct? Even if you couldn't micro the rof, you could use TAS and easily beat what the overdrive can achieve. You think top race players like Randy and his 49 alts would use an inferior tower?
~pacer,pacertest,multistage,rof,ringoffire,ringoffirebloonstest
The RingofFire Bloons Test is a multistage 100 round test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The RingofFire bloons test will begin in 30 seconds. Place down your tacks. The difficulty level starts low, but gets harder each round after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
~~battles2,btdbattles2,btdb2,1.0.9,update1.0.9,patchnotes,sneakpeek
Update 1.0.9 - Patch Notes Sneak Peek!

Now that we feel like the game has been in a good spot for a while, with most towers being equally shit and XP grinding still being slow af, it’s time that we stop doing balance changes and instead introduce something that we’ve had planned ever since the beginning of Battles 2’s development:

• TOWER APPRENTICE LEVELS!
  - Tower Apprentice levels can be unlocked after a Tower has all Mastery Upgrades purchased.
  - Each Apprentice level costs an absurd amount of XP, but is very well worth it.
  - For every Apprentice level, the tower gets substantially stronger. For most towers, this includes attack speed, range, and eventually pierce and even damage! There are also some super cool exceptions for unique towers like Village and Glue. We can’t wait for our 3 dedicated players to try out this pay to win mechanic!
- The max is Apprentice 25. Happy grinding :)

This update will not feature any balance changes, as we feel like the game is very well balanced currently. Enjoy your shit towers F2P idiots.
~rof,ringoffire,cash,johnnycash,song,country,countrymusic,countrysong
"Ring of Fire" is a song written by June Carter Cash and Merle Kilgore and popularized by Johnny Cash in 1963. The single appears on Cash's 1963 album, Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash. The song was originally recorded by June's sister, Anita Carter, on her Mercury Records album Folk Songs Old and New (1963) as "(Love's) Ring of Fire". "Ring of Fire" was ranked #4 on CMT's 100 Greatest Songs of Country Music in 2003 and #87 on Rolling Stone's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. In June 2014, Rolling Stone ranked the song #27 on its list of the 100 greatest country songs of all time.
~lych,gravelordlych,boss,bosses,bossbloon,bossbloons,5star,5-star,5starlych,5-starlych,doublegun,double-gun,doubleguns,double-guns,doublecash
**5-star Gravelord Lych can't be defeated**

I just wanna preface this by saying that you will not defeat the 5 star lych. I'm not detailing any strategy or discussion, it is just simply unfair and impossible. I'm just detailing my experience. Also, without double cash, you won't even beat the 1 star lych, because you cannot rush enough MOAB-damaging towers before round 40, except for a niche strategy that I thought of and haven't tested.

If you spread double-gun deconstruction engineers across the map, with their big ranges and MOAB damaging capabilities, you may be able to defeat the 1 star lych, since they are rather inexpensive.

So whatever, you use double cash mode because the boss isn't fair and gives less monkey money than **one** track on hard mode. You can get through it pretty easily, then. Until you reach 5 stars.

If you didn't know, the lych's main ability is that when it takes sufficient damage, it becomes intangible and summons a little lych which in turn drains lives and summons undead MOABs that don't spawn any further bloons. But, starting at 3 stars, it terrifies towers across the map into becoming inactive for a while and regenerating health. At three stars, you'll need to develop a sniper battery of full-auto, high-caliber, jungle-drum, elite-sniper snipers to barrage the lych with bullets. Only then will it fall. *Until you reach 5 stars.*

Upon reaching 5 stars, the lych regenerates way too much health to be defeated under any circumstances, the terrify ability happens too consistently **and** it can terrify **E V E R Y  T O W E R** on the map. I don't have to waste words on how ungodly stupid and broken this ability is. It has 2.1 million health and can regenerate over 100,000 of it every few seconds. Homeland Defense, Monkey Boost, Pop and Awe, nothing can scratch it hard enough for it to **not** regenerate.
~colt,ce,cheat,cheatengine,slowdown,contentcreator,guide,raceguide
@Cоlt just think about it this way next time you have the urge to use ce for a video: if u need to slow it down for it to work, it's not really a guide anymore bc no ones gonna be able to copy it legit, and if u need to slowdown to use a strat might as well slow it down a shit ton and then even more people can't copy it. slowing it down a little doesn't suddenly mean it will be possible if u couldn't do it without slowing it down, you literally made the video for people to try to replicate it so you could grow as a content creator, if it requires aps that can only be done with slowdown then it isnt a guide that people can replicate anymore, especially if u have 3+2 lives left even after using slowdown
~lok,alpowk,tarnsucks,nkmod,nkserver,goodfaith,normalpolitediscussion,previousincidents
@Alpоwk We have noticed that a large percentage of your posting in this server is spamming "hi/bye" and ":hmm:".

Given previous incidents ('tarn sucks', attempting to evade moderation, etc) we must conclude your presence is not in good faith, and thereby must request that you utilise the server properly (for normal, polite discussion) if you want to remain here.

If you can understand and agree you may return to main chats as soon as your agreement is confirmed, otherwise if you (attempt to) dodge staff actions again you will be removed from the server permanently.
~friendlyreminder,nkmod,nkserver,skillissue,rule4
anything that carries the same meaning as "skill issue" is a bypass
literally just do not say it. you went almost your entire life pre-btd6 not saying it.

A friendly reminder that, per rule 5, phrases like "skill issue" and any phrases which carry the same meaning as such are not allowed, and going forward we will be stricter in enforcing this. Anyone who continues to say it will face increasingly long mutes.

"Skill issue" is a phrase which is generally rude to less experienced players and is not consistent with the environment we want to create in this server. The staff's decision to forbid it is final, and excessive protests will lead to mutes/bans per rule 4.
~underdrive,underdriveop,cubegrats,cubegratulations,cliche,cliché,fenix,fenixkillah,egregore,whore,whoreofanegregore,ttz,tackzone,thetackzone,babel,towerofbabel
"underdrive op" or "cubegrats" is not an adequate excuse for being a cliché. Last week when I was racing I had to ask fenixkillah what the strat was. I felt deep remorse because I knew that fenix had answered that question dozens of times in the last 30 minutes. When you partake in simping for underdrive, you are the whore of an egregore. When you use the tower that billions of other skillless racists have used (for example, the tower "the tack zone" or anything else choc simps for) and enjoy it, you are a whore, because you are allowing this tower to influence your strat in the same way as it has influenced billions of other racists. We must strive to have unique experiences. We must strive to build a new Tower of Babel, not to reach god, but so that we may have our tongues scattered again, and prevent the explosive manifestation of new mind-viruses.
~choc,chocbox,chocolate,chocolatebox,chocolatier,ourstory
**Our Story.**

For as long as we can remember, chocolate has been something we’d pick up from the chocolate shop, or maybe have a stash hiding somewhere in our pantry. A box of chocolate has always been a generous or romantic gesture, and making good quality chocolate from home was unheard of… until Chocbox. Chocbox is designed to enhance your chocolate experience by providing the simple ingredients and steps you need in order to make the most delicious, nutritious chocolate right from your home. You become the chocolatier!
~rof,ringoffire,tree,irl,inreallife,asian,asians
Is it bad that I've started to think about ring of fire in completely normal irl situations?

There was a group of 20 asians at the graduation party and it kind of reminded me of a group of yellow bloons. In my head i was just thinking how satisfying it would be if i placed a rof to oneshot all the yellows. is this normal or should i get help?
~rof,ringoffire,rofmicro,navyseal,navyseals,navysealspasta,navysealscopypasta,whatthefuck,whatthefuckdidyoujustfuckingsay
<@!217726724752932864> What the fuck did you just fucking say about rof, you little bitch? I'll have you know I hold the world record in rof micro, and I've been developing numerous secret techniques to micro on cheat engine speedup, and I have over 166 black diamonds in races. I am trained in rof micro and I'm the top racer in the entire history of BTD6. You are nothing to me but just another average t50 mobile friendly strat racer using cheat engine and game guardian slowdown. I will wipe you the fuck out with micro the likes of which has never been seen before in this game, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with say that anti-rof shit to me over a Discord server? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies stationed in Libby, Montana and your defenses are being overwhelmed right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call an overdrive. You're fucking dead, Choc. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can out-micro you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in rof micro, but I have access to the entire arsenal of TAS and cheat engine speedup software on the Internet and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the top of the leaderboards, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "congrats (not corngrats)" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
~geraldo,adora,brick,brickell,quincy,spectre,mael,smael,supermaelstrom,turret,turrets,shootyturret,shootyturrets,genie,devandbalancetime,heapsofdevandbalancetime,
Geraldo should honestly be buffed. He is really weak. His base attack sucks and cannot compare to Adora's (Adora op). Furthermore, his shooty turrets can't even see camo. Like wtf? They even have red spots on them and they can't see camo? Where's the logic in that? Another issue is that his glues don't do damage. GLUE IS MEANT TO DO DAMAGE. They should replace the glue piles with glue solver piles so they deal thousands of damage per second, melting MOABs into nothingness just like Brickell level 20 because Brickell is overpowered. Super maelstorms aren't even permanent like what?? Why would you spend $540 on something that only lasts for like half a second?? You could simply get an actual super maelstorm and it would last for more than half a second. Just use common sense. GENIE CANT POP PURPLES I've died countless times to the round 95 purples because Genie sucks and can't pop the purple layer. I don't understand what people mean by "Genie is op". It can't even hit one ceramic. It's like Quincy and Spectre combined into a single tower and whiffs literally everything, especially on shorter maps like logs. Like seriously, Genie is a downgrade for the sheer pain you have to endure watching it whiff everything. Since BADs are also purple, the Genie doesn't do damage to them either. Just get a first strike lol. Is it really hard to understand that Geraldo sucks? I don't get it. Everyone says he's overpowered but he's obviously not because HEAPS OF DEV AND BALANCE TIME WERE PUT INTO HIM.
~1984,rof,ringoffire,ringoffireday,smael,biden,joebiden
The year is 1984. It's ring of fire day (you can't say smael anymore) you receive state mandated rings of fire from the rof-1984 government. Your pronouns are overdrive/sucks/glory/to/Ring/of/Fire/and/vrejness. A femboy woke non binary bisexual trans racial neurodivergent smael theyfriend suck you off (in public) then you remember that you illegally own the overdrive bible so joe biden and the woke rof thought police cancel culture mob alphabet gang break into your house and make you consume overdrive woke blm islamic sjw pasta until you die of overdrive skill issues.
~littlepsa,publicserviceannouncement,littlepublicserviceannouncement,dm,dms
Little public service announcement here:
Get the fuck out of my dms if I don't actually want to talk to you. You spamming me or any other member of staff will only lead to you getting banned.
This isn't a job. I don't get paid. I have a real fucking job that I get paid to do and I have a life to live outside of this server.
~rama,ramaaspect,special,specialonlyrama,repulse,repulseshot,chiron,chironaspect,hidden,hiddenaspect,gilgamesh,gilgameshaspect,sharedsuffering,bow,hades,hadesthegame,supergiant,supergiantgames
special only rama is unaruably the only way to make this trash weapon useable. and even then its only somewhat useable since it only has access to one special hammer. its basicially nothing compared to the superiority of chiron. the attack charges up way too slowly to be useable and shared suffering is a gimmick at best, it adds nothing to help pulling this aspect out of mediocrity. if youre lucky enough and get repluse shot you might - and I say MIGHT get the chance to actually get an attack off with this thing, and even then its simply not worth it. the attack speed is way too slow and the damage completly pales in comparison to actually fast hitting aspects like gilgamesh. its sad to say but supergiantgames design philosophy of making most hidden aspects basicially a slow and unusable version of their base weapon has backfired completly. first beowulf - now this. hidden aspects are supposed to be strong and rewarding for the sheer grind I had to go through to unlock them. I dont even know if I want to unlock hidden rail at this point
~geraldo,pickle,picklejar,picklebuff,picklejarbuff,ethan,ethanreid,reid
One wrong pickle jar buff can cost a lot since it lasts for 8 rounds and there’s no way to remove it, so what might look like a buff at start is actually a nerf to the tower. What do you guys think about this interaction? Should they make another tradeoff, maybe lose range instead of attack speed, or maybe even no attack speed penalty but it restocks less frequently and only lasts for 2 rounds or something? Or maybe we just get used to it and be careful while using it?
~sauda,isab,isuckatbattles,sawdust
So as a joke, I went to my friend's house wearing Sauda's wig and clothes. I could barely stop my laughter as he went as red as a tomato and looked at me from head to toe with a bit of drool in his mouth. The way he stared made mde feel a bit funny too, but I decided to tease him more by taking off my clothes. He asked me, "Are you serious?" and I said "Yep."

He went silent for what seemed like forever, so I asked him, "What's the matter?" He said he's confused, but then his boner got really hard, which made me take off his clothes. I expected him to scream, "Stop!" as I kissed him and stroked his cock, but he instead shouted "Oh God, Sauda!" which made me get a boner myself. Before I knew it, I was blowing him for the first time till he came.

His semen was so thick, it got stuck inside my throat no matter how hard I swallowed. He then said, "I want to fuck you now!" and seeing that we've already gone that far and we were both naked, I obliged. A few hours later, the jerk went all pale and said to me "Why did we do that? Now I'm not fucking straight." But he still looked so cute all confused like that, so I took pity on him and reassured while wiping his cum off my face, "Let's just pretend I'm still Sauda."
~tierlist,chimpstierlist,glord,glaivelord,edef,edefender,elitedefender,smael,smaelstrom,supermaelstrom,sentrychamp,sentrychampion,ffort,ffortress,fortress,flyingfortress,arch,archmage,bigtrap,xxltrap,xxxltrap,anti,antibloon,anti-bloon,rod,rayofdoom,sotf,soft,spirit,spiritoftheforest,xbm,xbowmaster,crossbowmaster,iring,inferno,infernoring,blitz,bblitz,bombblitz,plord,piratelord,solver,bloonsolver,cin,blooncin,blooncineration,prime,aprime,apacheprime,rat,gluerat
THIS TIER LIST IS BAD BECAUSE 1.GLAIVE LORD IS IN C 2.ELITE DEFENDER, SUPER MAELSTROM, SENTRY CHAMPION, FLYING FORTRESS, ARCHMAGE, XXL TRAP, ANTI-BLOON, AND RAY OF DOOM ARE IN B 3.SPIRIT OF THE FOREST, CROSSBOW MASTER, INFERNO RING, BOMB BLITZ, AND PIRATE LORD ARE IN B-
4.BLOON SOLVER IS IN D 5.YOU ACTUALLY DECIDED TO PUT THE OTHER BOOMER TIER 5S IN HIGHER RANKS, WHEN ALL OF THE BOOMER TIER 5S SHOULD BE IN S- 6.ADORA, BENJAMIN, QUINCY, AND SAUDA ARE ALL IN RANKS THEY SHOULDNT BE IN 7.WHY THE F WORD DID YOU RANK GLUE RAT IF IT DOES LITERALLY NOTHING 8.BLOONCINERATION AND APACHE PRIME ARE ALL IN A
~shol,sholthink
/     —         —    \
|       O       O        |
|          '---'            |
\      /  / /  /     /
     /           /